feat: add python module for hrm (#25)
vmware-samples/validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation: hrm/README.md

# Python Module for VMware Cloud Foundation Health Monitoring in vRealize Operations

## Table of Contents

- [Health Reporting and Monitoring for VMware Cloud Foundation](#health-reporting-and-monitoring-vmware-cloud-foundation)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Implementation](#implementation)
  - [Issues](#issues)

## Introduction

This content supports the [Health Reporting and Monitoring for VMware Cloud Foundation](https://core.vmware.com/health-reporting-and-monitoring-vmware-cloud-foundation) validated solution which enables the user to monitor the operational state of your VMware Cloud Foundation environment through custom dashboards, alerts, and notifications. These custom dashboards are intended to serve as an extension to native vRealize Operations dashboards and dashboards that are enabled via the respective management packs.

## Implementation 

> Follow the section - Implementation of the Python Module for VMware Cloud Foundation Health Monitoring in vRealize Operations from [Health Reporting and Monitoring for VMware Cloud Foundation](https://core.vmware.com/health-reporting-and-monitoring-vmware-cloud-foundation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [Implementation of the Python Module for VMware Cloud Foundation Health Monitoring in vRealize Operations](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Foundation/services/vcf-health-monitoring-v1/GUID-302CCD84-6550-4B03-BD3D-5125C185BFAC.html) from [Health Reporting and Monitoring for VMware Cloud Foundation](https://core.vmware.com/health-reporting-and-monitoring-vmware-cloud-foundation)
```
